
    invalid set, 14 green
game 1 NOT VALID
game 2 VALID
game 3 VALID
game 4 VALID
game 5 VALID

    invalid set, 17 green
game 6 NOT VALID
game 7 VALID

    invalid set, 15 blue
game 8 NOT VALID

    invalid set, 13 red
game 9 NOT VALID
game 10 VALID
game 11 VALID

    invalid set, 18 green
game 12 NOT VALID

    invalid set, 16 green
game 13 NOT VALID
game 14 VALID
game 15 VALID

    invalid set, 15 blue
game 16 NOT VALID
game 17 VALID
game 18 VALID

    invalid set, 13 red
game 19 NOT VALID
game 20 VALID
game 21 VALID
game 22 VALID
game 23 VALID
game 24 VALID
game 25 VALID
game 26 VALID

    invalid set, 15 green
game 27 NOT VALID

    invalid set, 14 red
game 28 NOT VALID
game 29 VALID
game 30 VALID

    invalid set, 14 green
game 31 NOT VALID

    invalid set, 14 green
game 32 NOT VALID
game 33 VALID
game 34 VALID
game 35 VALID

    invalid set, 14 green
game 36 NOT VALID

    invalid set, 14 green
game 37 NOT VALID

    invalid set, 18 red
game 38 NOT VALID

    invalid set, 17 red
game 39 NOT VALID
game 40 VALID
game 41 VALID
game 42 VALID

    invalid set, 18 red
game 43 NOT VALID

    invalid set, 14 green
game 44 NOT VALID

    invalid set, 16 green
game 45 NOT VALID

    invalid set, 17 blue
game 46 NOT VALID

    invalid set, 15 green
game 47 NOT VALID

    invalid set, 13 red
game 48 NOT VALID

    invalid set, 15 blue
game 49 NOT VALID
game 50 VALID
game 51 VALID

    invalid set, 18 green
game 52 NOT VALID
game 53 VALID

    invalid set, 15 green
game 54 NOT VALID
game 55 VALID
game 56 VALID

    invalid set, 19 green
game 57 NOT VALID
game 58 VALID

    invalid set, 18 blue
game 59 NOT VALID

    invalid set, 18 green
game 60 NOT VALID
game 61 VALID

    invalid set, 13 red
game 62 NOT VALID
game 63 VALID

    invalid set, 13 red
game 64 NOT VALID
game 65 VALID
game 66 VALID

    invalid set, 14 green
game 67 NOT VALID

    invalid set, 17 red
game 68 NOT VALID

    invalid set, 14 red
game 69 NOT VALID

    invalid set, 18 blue
game 70 NOT VALID
game 71 VALID
game 72 VALID

    invalid set, 14 green
game 73 NOT VALID
game 74 VALID

    invalid set, 17 green
game 75 NOT VALID
game 76 VALID

    invalid set, 17 green
game 77 NOT VALID
game 78 VALID

    invalid set, 19 red
game 79 NOT VALID

    invalid set, 13 red
game 80 NOT VALID
game 81 VALID
game 82 VALID

    invalid set, 15 green
game 83 NOT VALID
game 84 VALID

    invalid set, 15 green
game 85 NOT VALID
game 86 VALID

    invalid set, 15 blue
game 87 NOT VALID

    invalid set, 16 blue
game 88 NOT VALID

    invalid set, 20 blue
game 89 NOT VALID
game 90 VALID
game 91 VALID

    invalid set, 15 blue
game 92 NOT VALID

    invalid set, 17 red
game 93 NOT VALID

    invalid set, 19 green
game 94 NOT VALID

    invalid set, 18 blue
game 95 NOT VALID
game 96 VALID
game 97 VALID

    invalid set, 13 red
game 98 NOT VALID

    invalid set, 14 red
game 99 NOT VALID

    invalid set, 16 red
game 100 NOT VALID

possible game IDs, added: 2207

[Finished in 1.4s]